Add OpenAI integration docs (#4969)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/developing-applications/openai-agents/_index.md

---
type: docs
title: "OpenAI Agents"
linkTitle: "OpenAI Agents"
weight: 25
description: "Dapr first-class integrations with OpenAI Agents"
---

###  What is the Dapr OpenAI integration?

> Dapr provides powerful APIs for developers looking to build OpenAI agents that scale and operate reliably in producton. Dapr provides first class integratons that range from agent session management to connecting agents via pub/sub and orchestrating agentic workflows. The Dapr OpenAI integration is a Python package that developers can use to augment OpenAI agents with the various Dapr APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dapr provides APIs for developers looking to build OpenAI agents that scale and operate reliably in production. Dapr provides first class integrations that range from agent session management to connecting agents via pub/sub and orchestrating agentic workflows. The Dapr OpenAI integration is a Python package that developers can use to augment OpenAI agents with the various Dapr APIs.
```
